I:21-04|71-06
"General Camilla":"Let us move past this and speak of other things."
"General Rowan":"I'm not finished yet!"
"General Camilla":"Let us attempt at speaking of peace again."
"General Rowan":"I said I wasn't finished speaking!"
"General Camilla":"Well I am trying to move the conversation beyond pointless argument."
"General Rowan":"You are moving this conversation up my ass!"
"General Camilla":"General Rowan, why must you insist on using such petty and puerile insults?"
"General Rowan":"Look fuckwad, I'm not going to take you seriously until you take me seriously."
"General Rowan":"For the past twenty minutes all you've done is duck and dodge around every single thing I try and talk about."
"General Rowan":"Maybe if you actually listened to me we'd be getting somewhere."
"General Camilla":"Fine, what do you want to discuss then?"
"General Rowan":"Let's talk about you moving your fleet somewhere far away from Ranval and not invading it."
{
"General Camilla":"General Rowan, we're not going to leave Ranval be."
"General Camilla":"You and your empire have long neglected it and it has suffered as a result."
"General Camilla":"It is our duty to occupy it and save its people from your government's neglect."
"General Rowan":"Yeah, and then how many people do you think are gonna die as a result?"
"General Camilla":"That is in your hands General Rowan. If you let us occupy the system not a single soldier will die."
"General Rowan":"And you really think that's gonna happen?"
"General Camilla":"I do not, as you have repeatedly proven yourself to be irrational."
"General Rowan":"Do you realize how crazy you sound right now? Do you really think that I'm the irrational one here?"
"General Camilla":"Let us avoid another exchange of insults General Rowan."
}D,3|A,-2|E,2
"General Rowan":"What? You want to skip the insults so that we can talk about something else?"
"General Rowan":"As you just proved you won't discuss anything reasonably."
"General Camilla":"I have a proposition for you."
>02